RAG_evaluation_1_summary

Scope: A limited corpus of the following files to easily evaluate the quality of responses from the RAG pipeline.

1. rural-tech-catalyst-fund-resource-guide.pdf
2.rural-health-transformation-50-state-spotlights.pdf
3. cpi-moratoria-fast-facts.pdf
4. cpi-fraud-spotlight-marketplace.pdf
5. fact-sheet-negotiated-prices-ipay-2027.pdf
6. DGA.pdf


List of questions: Every question has the corresponding source document containing the answer. Question #7 has a deliberate spelling mistake to see how that gets handled.

1. "Give me a brief overview of the rural technology catalyst fund", # in rural-tech-catalyst-fund-resource-guide.pdf
2. "What is RTCF?", # in rural-tech-catalyst-fund-resource-guide.pdf
3. "Give me some examples of novel solutions considered by the rural technology catalyst fund", # in rural-tech-catalyst-fund-resource-guide.pdf
4. "What is the executive summary of rural health transformation for the state of Alaska?", # in rural-health-transformation-50-state-spotlights.pdf
5. "What are some spotlight initiatives of rural health transformation for the state of California?", # in rural-health-transformation-50-state-spotlights.pdf
6. "How  the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services is cracking down on fraud?", # in cpi-moratoria-fast-facts.pdf and cpi-fraud-spotlight-marketplace.pdf
7. "How the CMS ispprotecting consumers and taxpayers?", # in cpi-fraud-spotlight-marketplace.pdf
8. "What information did CMS consider during the negotiations with the drug companies?", # in fact-sheet-negotiated-prices-ipay-2027.pdf
9. "What is the price CMS negotiated for Xifaxan?", # in fact-sheet-negotiated-prices-ipay-2027.pdf
10. "What are some of the guidelines for eating fruits and veggies?" # DGA.pdf


Evaluation: 

Q1. The correct response was found as the top result. # Pass
Q2. The correct response was found. However, it came as the 3rd result, instead of the first. # Partial Pass (need more check)
Q3. The correct response was NOT found. # Fail
Q4. Only the latter half of the correct response was found in the first response. The other responses were the executive summaries of other states. # Partial Pass (check other chunking strategy)
Q5. The correct response was found within the first response. The other responses were for other states. Also, block headers and content are not grouped, causing context quality. # Partial Pass (check other chunking strategy)
Q6. The correct responses were found as the top 2 results. # Pass
Q7. Only a part of the correct response was found at the end of the first response. The remaining part of the correct response was in the second result. # Pass (check other chunking strategy)
Q8. Only a part of the correct response was found at the end of the first response. The remaining part of the correct response was in the second result. # Pass (check other chunking strategy)
Q9. The correct response was NOT found. # Fail
Q10. The correct response was NOT found. # Fail
